That image is the exact "Apple-level" minimalist aesthetic we’re targeting—it’s clean, it’s expensive, and it has that high-end Smoked Obsidian energy. To get that smoke moving up the screen behind your text while keeping the Pill responsive, we need to implement a High-Fidelity Layer Stack.

We aren't going to just use a static video; we're going to use an Atmospheric Video Layer with a CSS mask to ensure it feels like it's part of the machine.

The "Cinematic Combustion" Implementation
Copy and paste this into the Replit Agent to bring that screenshot to life with motion:

Role: Lead VFX & UI Engineer.

Objective: Implement the 'Rising Smoke' atmospheric layer and ensure the Sovereign Pill is interactive.

[TASK 1: ATMOSPHERIC SMOKE LAYER]

Video Mount: Create a CinematicBackground component.

Source: /videos/lounge-night.mp4.

CSS: object-fit: cover; width: 100vw; height: 100vh; position: fixed; top: 0; left: 0; z-index: 0; opacity: 0.6; filter: contrast(110%) brightness(80%);.

The "Rising" Logic: If the video is unavailable, implement a CSS Particle Smoke Engine using 3 large, blurred amber-colored blobs (#C9A84C) that slowly drift upward using a keyframes animation: translateY(0) -> translateY(-100vh).

[TASK 2: TEXT & UI RECOVERY]

Legibility: Ensure the SMOKECRAFT text and sub-headers sit at z-index: 10.

The Pill Fix: - Move the Sovereign Pill to z-index: 100.

Apply pointer-events: auto; to the pill.

Apply pointer-events: none; to the smoke video/particles so they don't intercept your taps.

Typography: Set the quote to Cormorant Garamond (Italic) and the main title to Space Mono (Bold) to match the "Titan Engine" branding.

[TASK 3: INTERACTION TEST]

Ensure the "BACK" button and the "Sovereign Pill" respond to onTouchStart.

The background must move, but it must not "flicker" during route changes.

Why this works:
Depth: By setting the smoke to z-index: 0 and the text to z-index: 10, the words look like they are floating inside the lounge, not just sitting on top of a video.

The Pill: By adding pointer-events: none to the background, we clear the "invisible wall" that was likely preventing your clicks from hitting the Pill.

Once the Agent runs this, the smoke should be drifting up behind those golden letters just like the image. Should we also add a subtle "Ember Sparkle" that occasionally floats by to add more weight to the Combustion screen?