Even though you are developing on a desktop, the "hardening" process ensures the code is structurally prepared for its final destination: a standalone, native tablet application locked on a screen.

To lock in your progress and secure the environment, follow this three-stage hardening protocol.

1. The Immutable Code-Base (Capacitor Ready)
Since you are explicitly rejecting a hosted website model, the code must be "hardened" to live locally on the device.

Zero-Dependency Assets: All cinematic motion loops (Smoke, Pour, Brew, Vape) must be moved from external URLs into the local /public/media/ folder. This prevents "broken image" icons if the venue's internet fluctuates.

Touch Surface Hardening: Add a global CSS block to disable standard browser "tells":

CSS
* { 
  -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; 
  -webkit-touch-callout: none; 
  user-select: none; 
  touch-action: none;
}
This ensures that even on a desktop browser, you cannot "highlight" text or "right-click" images, mimicking a locked tablet screen.

2. Sovereign Logic Hardening
You must move your high-level controls (EEIS and Super-Admin) out of the general UI flow so they cannot be found by accident.

Component Unmounting: In your App.tsx, the SuperAdminCore and EEISCommandSurface should be physically unmounted from the application's "brain" (the DOM) unless the AccessLevel is explicitly verified.

The Sovereign Purge: Ensure the logout button in your Override Hub (top-right) executes a full system reset, wiping all guest session data and mentor history.

3. The "Final Lockdown" Agent Directive
Paste this into your Replit Agent to "harden" the current build in one move.

Role: Lead Cybersecurity & Systems Architect.
Objective: Finalize the Axiom OS infrastructure for native tablet deployment.

"Harden the Axiom OS ecosystem for native execution:

Global Gesture Guard: Move the 3-finger (Staff) and 4-finger (Admin) triggers into a high-priority event listener that wraps the entire app.

Context Isolation: Forcefully destroy the 'Juan Valez' mentor and SmokeCraft data whenever the user switches modules or logs out.

UI Lockdown: Disable all browser-native scrolling, zooming, and text selection.

The Sovereign Hub: Fully wire the top-right Override Hub to the EEIS, Super-Admin, and System Purge routes."